Thank you for joining us for this JW Broadcasting special update on the situation of our brothers and Nepal.
We have a video report to share on the disaster relief effort organized to provide for those affected by the recent
Devastating earthquake. The earthquake in Nepal on April 25th 2015 caused massive devastation in Kathmandu
the capital city and surrounding areas.
Severe aftershocks brought on additional suffering.
Our initial report to you was posted in the newsroom of JW.org.
There we were saddened to tell you that one sister and her two children were killed in the disaster.
Also many of our brothers' homes were either destroyed or damaged.
Note that you've been wondering how are they doing and what has happened since then.
As always, Johova has provided the needed help spiritually, emotionally and physically by means of the organization and his Holy Spirit.
It was my privilege to visit our brothers there just a few days after the initial earthquake.
It was heartwarming to see how the practical relief assistance given to our brothers and sisters and others
has affected their lives during this stressful time.
And most importantly, to observe how our brothers are experiencing in a special way,
the truth of God's promise at Isaiah 41-13.
For I, Johova your God, and grasping your right hand, the one saying to you,
do not be afraid, I will help you.
As you watch what has been done for our brothers and hear their heartfelt personal
expressions in the following report, we are confident that Johova's mighty hand helping his people.
Home to the tallest peak in the world, Mount Everest. Located in the Himalayas, it is
bordered by China and India. As of today, Nepal is home to over 2,200 of our brothers and sisters
who zealously preach the Kingdom Good News to its more than 27 million residents.
Tragically, on April 25th, every day life for the people of Nepal changed.
A 7.8 magnitude earthquake shook the region of Nepal's capital, Kathmandu.
Nepal's residents were now suffering the effects of the most powerful earthquake to hit that
region in over 80 years. We are caught by surprise by this event. We will not prepare for destruction
of this scale, but I am happy to say that our dear brothers and sisters are hoping this
situation will come in spirit and with Khunfei, Johova. 163 homes of our brothers were damaged,
91 of which were completely destroyed. As a result of the devastation, there was an acute
shortage of food, water and sanitary shelter. Within 24 hours, local brothers in less affected
areas and neighboring branch offices coordinated and began the distribution of relief supplies.
A local disaster relief committee was formed and a medical team was dispatched to care for the
physical and emotional needs of those affected. Simultaneously, attention was given to providing
much needed spiritual comfort and encouragement. Immediately after the first
tremor, elders of each congregation started to contact with each member of their congregation.
Although there were frequent aftershocks, elders and other brothers personally went to the
house of each members who could not be reached over the phone.
Since the first tremor hit us and sat at the afternoons, we are staying in the tents.
The very next day elders visited us, they spoke with us, inquired about our situation.
We are very encouraged. But we are not worried about losing and food,
a sister helped us. Within an hour, elders came to help and encouraged us.
They are visiting us daily. It's beautiful. We are happy. Thank you.
On May 1st, Brother Gary Broke, a representative of World Headquarters, arrived to build up those
who had suffered losses. A highlight of the visit was a special meeting held on May 4th,
which was streamed via the internet from a kingdom halved to other congregations around the
country. All of this only nine days after the earthquake. It is very clear that Jehovah has provided
the needed help spiritually, mentally and physically through his organization and through his
Holy Spirit.